the reasons for pride
we have a stable economy today and in
growth
we are a country that promotes inclusion
social and ethnic diversity
cultural and religious heritage is one of
riches and that lives respectfully
with the environment
in the plenary was hidden and 500 spent
15 million dollars to prepare a
event of the majority of the population of
affected by the floods that
deficiencies in health services
education and transport
la paz a villa of power sharing
inflation.
more than 150 thousand inhabitants of the city of
Ceres weight most sectors of
cathedral of the population
so the violently results
to give passed the constitution
the children always editable commercial that
fought in Brazil against the population
lives with a minimum wage of 300 and 2
500 at the expense of a single entry for
see your selection would cut four
main
he remembered that he contemplates the guará
multitudinous demonstrations in June and
13 that all to one all attacked and
endured the same great memories
working on the new border special study
At these heights,
planets is already in the transportation phase
public this precisely was the intention
detonating the protests that claim
weeks more career in these subjects
social during these days one week
just a year after the big
mobilizations in June which paralyzed
all major cities in the country of
rio de janeiro are just right
expressing structural dissatisfaction with
large part of the youth of
sectors of the working class with
issues that concern the rights
of youth workers
such as the health issue
housing education and that
mobilization expressed a great deal of
satisfaction that at that moment forced
governments do not have to give in and
to lower the price of tariffs over
a new national situation that today
one year after the mobilizations of
June returns with the face of class
worker with the workers of the
the front line building the
mobilizations and creating what the
People are already starting to call May and June
with a number of categories
they go on strike and we're going to have the streets
were building their gradual
process
important and I need to
government mounted on the gross militarization of
with a contingent of police officers and
military in homes and especially in
favelas and security system for the
world Cup
will demand 1,800 million reais from
total assumption of reaching 180 thousand
agents
an army never seen in the history of
world
victims of militarization are the 121
line denounced as signed by
blackboard death so loose in the city
strength and at the end of 2012 to
made on the floor
ronaldo wedge were ante room
processes in the last few years.
several streets have gained relevance in the
national political scenario the sending of
professors and tankers occupation of
rectory and universities readers band
of origin of workers in the
construction of the river and of
transport from porto alegre and now the
of sao paulo subway workers
employees and teachers of the three
state universities of sao paulo
unicamp and usp to unesp paralyzed
partially the activities today
The reason was the decision of the
freeze wages
goose
we are very important that at this moment
as well as a wave of strikes that has
the country is putting itself in the
center of the national political scene
a problem that threatens the class
dominant and the state itself
today the newspapers of the state of são paulo
the newspaper of the ruling class has surpassed
to deal with a problem of
governability of workers who
just like the garis in rio de janeiro
just as they made road in port
cheerful and now including road
also in rio de janeiro and here in são
paulo begin to overcome their directions
Democrat bureaucratic the directions
opposed as I said by cut by
trade union force for traitorous devices
working class
hello outta your directions
trampling they organize strikes that
paralyzed the entire capital
the assembly has already begun in the
syndicate for the book
and is on the east side of São Paulo is
full
our strike has the support of the population
because the population knows that people are
fighting for our working condition
also affected by fatigue convivial
quality we are dealing with wolves
the rate is not part of my
wife
the government and the company is very
concerned and this is common in the
pedro and also has military is there
temptations
the lakers have their categories and with that
the best of your body is that everywhere
and so filmed look director show
will not touch the girl you use it with
Breakfast does not work
we have also calling from this
of this conjuncture the next
world cup one that the central as the
Conlutas the central inter - union the
pro - government and all sectors in struggle
require large companies such as cut
and ctb to call a large
national stoppage that taking all
these demands have been placed on the
day of June and also putting the
demands the workers as the question of
wages at the front line in this current
national context
and the glass is glass